README.md, before:

# Team AtlasNX Discord Archive

This repo contains links to archives of all the public channels from the AtlasNX Discord Server.

## Profile Picture Archive

A single archive for all user profile pictures. These are the profile pictures of the users from when the archive was made, and are named after the user's ID with no file extension.

## Channel Archives

Each channel has two files a `.json` file, and an `.tar.gz` file. The `.json` file is structured like so:

```
[
    {
        "attachments": [
            {
                "filename": "1234567890_filename.png",
                "original_filename": "filename.png"
            }
        ],
        "author_id": "0987654321",
        "author": "Example#1234",
        "content": "Trans Rights!",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "count": 9001
            }
        ],
        "timestamp": "2019-10-27T17:23:44.944000+00:00"
    }
]
```

The `.tar.gz` is an archive that contains all the attachments from the channel.

## Download Links

[Profile Picture Archive](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/PfPs.tar.gz)

| Channel Name                        | JSON                                                                                                                             | Attachments                                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| animal-crossing-direct              | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Animal-Crossing-Direct/679575478268461092.json)               | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Animal-Crossing-Direct/679575478268461092.tar.gz)              |
| anime-discussion                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Anime-Discussion/607392838744932375.json)                     | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Anime-Discussion/607392838744932375.tar.gz)                    |
| announcements                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Announcements/477900835452485633.json)                        | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Announcements/477900835452485633.tar.gz)                       |
| bootlogo-showcase                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Bootlogo-Showcase/478290840373035038.json)                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Bootlogo-Showcase/478290840373035038.tar.gz)                   |
| creative-showcase                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Creative-Showcase/516377202103681024.json)                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Creative-Showcase/516377202103681024.tar.gz)                   |
| developer-chat                      | TODO                                                                                                                             | TODO                                                                                                                              |
| e3-discussion-2019                  | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/E3-Discussion-2019/585873164647661575.json)                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/E3-Discussion-2019/585873164647661575.tar.gz)                  |
| faq                                 | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/FAQ/500341481962209301.json)                                  | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| gaming-discussion                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Gaming-Discussion/607392934685311045.json)                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Gaming-Discussion/607392934685311045.tar.gz)                   |
| general                             | TODO                                                                                                                             | TODO                                                                                                                              |
| homebrew-showcase                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Homebrew-Showcase/478290514395791360.json)                    | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| mariomaker-direct-16-05-19          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Mario-Maker-Direct-16-05-19/577866416083042314.json)          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Mario-Maker-Direct-16-05-19/577866416083042314.tar.gz)         |
| minecraft                           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Minecraft/677279953943003136.json)                            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Minecraft/677279953943003136.tar.gz)                           |
| modder-chat                         | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Modder-Chat/478162894148861957.json)                          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Modder-Chat/478162894148861957.tar.gz)                         |
| multilingual-support                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Multilingual-Support/579370987716345993.json)                 | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Multilingual-Support/579370987716345993.tar.gz)                |
| music                               | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Music/615239100638953478.json)                                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Music/615239100638953478.tar.gz)                               |
| nintendo-direct-13-02-2019          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-13-02-2019/544994113347387413.json)           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-13-02-2019/544994113347387413.tar.gz)          |
| nintendo-direct-5th-september-19    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-5th-September-19/618488412667641866.json)     | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-5th-September-19/618488412667641866.tar.gz)    |
| off-topic                           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Off-Topic/477902545646256128.json)                            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Off-Topic/477902545646256128.tar.gz)                           |
| partners-and-friends                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Partners-and-Friends/584734897550262293.json)                 | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| pokemon-direct-09-01-2020           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-09-01-2020/664828235661705229.json)            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-09-01-2020/664828235661705229.tar.gz)           |
| pokemon-direct-27-02-2019           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-27-02-2019/550314539019796481.json)            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-27-02-2019/550314539019796481.tar.gz)           |
| pokemon-direct-conference-2805-0506 | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-Conference-2805-0506/582792985570443264.json ) | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-Conference-2805-0506/582792985570443264.tar.gz) |
| roles-and-links                     | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Roles-and-Links/477900859666071555.json)                      | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| rules                               | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Rules/709365203367624795.json)                                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Rules/709365203367624795.tar.gz)                               |
| smm2-showcase                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/SMM2-Showcase/594646703580119051.json)                        | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/SMM2-Showcase/594646703580119051.tar.gz)                       |
| scene-news                          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-News/558766562216247316.json)                           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-News/558766562216247316.tar.gz)                          |
| scene-showcase                      | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-Showcase/478288392485077002.json)                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-Showcase/478288392485077002.tar.gz)                      |
| smash-direct-01-11-2018             | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Smash-Direct-01-11-2018/507523328421134336.json)              | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Smash-Direct-01-11-2018/507523328421134336.tar.gz)             |
| spoiler-chat                        | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Spoiler-Chat/605879654892437517.json)                         | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Spoiler-Chat/605879654892437517.tar.gz)                        |
| support                             | TODO                                                                                                                             | TODO                                                                                                                              |
| support-faq                         | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Support-FAQ/628596855470555167.json)                          | N/A                                                                                                                               |

Commit message:

Added link to bot source, and links to developer chat archive.

README.md, after:

# Team AtlasNX Discord Archive

This repo contains links to archives of all the public channels from the AtlasNX Discord Server. The archives were created using a very simple bot writen in GO, which can be found here: https://git.nicholemattera.com/NicholeMattera/Archive-Bot

## Profile Picture Archive

A single archive for all user profile pictures. These are the profile pictures of the users from when the archive was made, and are named after the user's ID with no file extension.

## Channel Archives

Each channel has two files a `.json` file, and an `.tar.gz` file. The `.json` file is structured like so:

```
[
    {
        "attachments": [
            {
                "filename": "1234567890_filename.png",
                "original_filename": "filename.png"
            }
        ],
        "author_id": "0987654321",
        "author": "Example#1234",
        "content": "Trans Rights!",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "count": 9001
            }
        ],
        "timestamp": "2019-10-27T17:23:44.944000+00:00"
    }
]
```

The `.tar.gz` is an archive that contains all the attachments from the channel.

## Download Links

[Profile Picture Archive](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/PfPs.tar.gz)

| Channel Name                        | JSON                                                                                                                             | Attachments                                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| animal-crossing-direct              | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Animal-Crossing-Direct/679575478268461092.json)               | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Animal-Crossing-Direct/679575478268461092.tar.gz)              |
| anime-discussion                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Anime-Discussion/607392838744932375.json)                     | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Anime-Discussion/607392838744932375.tar.gz)                    |
| announcements                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Announcements/477900835452485633.json)                        | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Announcements/477900835452485633.tar.gz)                       |
| bootlogo-showcase                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Bootlogo-Showcase/478290840373035038.json)                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Bootlogo-Showcase/478290840373035038.tar.gz)                   |
| creative-showcase                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Creative-Showcase/516377202103681024.json)                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Creative-Showcase/516377202103681024.tar.gz)                   |
| developer-chat                      | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Developer-Chat/478162551381819392.json)                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Developer-Chat/478162551381819392.tar.gz)                      |
| e3-discussion-2019                  | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/E3-Discussion-2019/585873164647661575.json)                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/E3-Discussion-2019/585873164647661575.tar.gz)                  |
| faq                                 | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/FAQ/500341481962209301.json)                                  | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| gaming-discussion                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Gaming-Discussion/607392934685311045.json)                    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Gaming-Discussion/607392934685311045.tar.gz)                   |
| general                             | TODO                                                                                                                             | TODO                                                                                                                              |
| homebrew-showcase                   | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Homebrew-Showcase/478290514395791360.json)                    | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| mariomaker-direct-16-05-19          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Mario-Maker-Direct-16-05-19/577866416083042314.json)          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Mario-Maker-Direct-16-05-19/577866416083042314.tar.gz)         |
| minecraft                           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Minecraft/677279953943003136.json)                            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Minecraft/677279953943003136.tar.gz)                           |
| modder-chat                         | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Modder-Chat/478162894148861957.json)                          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Modder-Chat/478162894148861957.tar.gz)                         |
| multilingual-support                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Multilingual-Support/579370987716345993.json)                 | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Multilingual-Support/579370987716345993.tar.gz)                |
| music                               | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Music/615239100638953478.json)                                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Music/615239100638953478.tar.gz)                               |
| nintendo-direct-13-02-2019          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-13-02-2019/544994113347387413.json)           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-13-02-2019/544994113347387413.tar.gz)          |
| nintendo-direct-5th-september-19    | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-5th-September-19/618488412667641866.json)     | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Nintendo-Direct-5th-September-19/618488412667641866.tar.gz)    |
| off-topic                           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Off-Topic/477902545646256128.json)                            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Off-Topic/477902545646256128.tar.gz)                           |
| partners-and-friends                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Partners-and-Friends/584734897550262293.json)                 | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| pokemon-direct-09-01-2020           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-09-01-2020/664828235661705229.json)            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-09-01-2020/664828235661705229.tar.gz)           |
| pokemon-direct-27-02-2019           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-27-02-2019/550314539019796481.json)            | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-27-02-2019/550314539019796481.tar.gz)           |
| pokemon-direct-conference-2805-0506 | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-Conference-2805-0506/582792985570443264.json ) | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Pokemon-Direct-Conference-2805-0506/582792985570443264.tar.gz) |
| roles-and-links                     | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Roles-and-Links/477900859666071555.json)                      | N/A                                                                                                                               |
| rules                               | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Rules/709365203367624795.json)                                | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Rules/709365203367624795.tar.gz)                               |
| smm2-showcase                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/SMM2-Showcase/594646703580119051.json)                        | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/SMM2-Showcase/594646703580119051.tar.gz)                       |
| scene-news                          | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-News/558766562216247316.json)                           | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-News/558766562216247316.tar.gz)                          |
| scene-showcase                      | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-Showcase/478288392485077002.json)                       | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Scene-Showcase/478288392485077002.tar.gz)                      |
| smash-direct-01-11-2018             | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Smash-Direct-01-11-2018/507523328421134336.json)              | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Smash-Direct-01-11-2018/507523328421134336.tar.gz)             |
| spoiler-chat                        | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Spoiler-Chat/605879654892437517.json)                         | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Spoiler-Chat/605879654892437517.tar.gz)                        |
| support                             | TODO                                                                                                                             | TODO                                                                                                                              |
| support-faq                         | [Link](https://atlasnx-discord-archive.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/Support-FAQ/628596855470555167.json)                          | N/A                                                                                                                               |
